Updates for v10 release (#224)
fauna/fauna-shell: README.md

> Once you have the prompt ready, you can start issues queries against your FaunaDB instance. (Note that the results shown here might vary from the ones you see while running the examples).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have the prompt ready, you can start issues queries against your Fauna database. (Note that the results shown here might vary from the ones you see while running the examples).
```
